the funny thing is that we were gonna
start fundraising today but it turns out
that we have actually I mean so we had a
couple of goals so let me just see what
they are real quick so we we had a
couple of why milestones for fundraising
and the milestone so this is what we
kind of decide is that for all of our
fundraising milestones we want them to
be like fun things right so I and they
shouldn't be things that I'm gonna do
anyway so it's not like
so we're thinking about teaching about
particular topics we may add those if
you guys want but like the the goal is
to do things that are kind of fun and
engaging and that we don't normally do
and so we had a couple of goals like
like an AMA so not really Q&A I mean it
can be whatever you guys want so if you
guys want to ask me personal questions
if you guys want to do like sort of a
marathon Q&A kind of stream if it want
like it can be whatever you guys want so
just you know anything is kind of fair
game there's an LSF react a livestream
fail react stream and I don't understand
what that means exactly like I don't
know if I'm gonna be reacting to a clip
or I'm just browsing LSF I don't
understand if it's like me or other
people or what I'm confused about that
but anyway I don't have to know what it
is I just apparently have to do it and
so that is so that so we had a couple of
goals right so like we were thinking at
five hundred dollars and fifteen hundred
dollars or whatever and it turns out
that Lilly Pichu awesomely gave us like
three grand so she has single-handedly
like funded you know just a gigantic
amount of stuff and has gotten our first
few milestones met so a huge thank you
to Lilly you know we all think that
Lilly is awesome and we really support
her and we hope that Lilly one is is
really taking care of Lilly too and I
think that that whole revelation from
that stream I think has been really
helpful for me to to really
conceptualize people is like virgin air
version B and so gigantic thank you to
Lilly for being so supportive and then
like funding us our coaching program
because then we can coach people and
hopefully help other people so
gigantic thank you to lily Pichu
gigantic thank you to her community for
being such an awesome community and like
getting along with us and supporting us
there like wholesome and positive so
like I think that it's really
interesting because watching Lily's
community and interacting with Lily's
community you can kind of see how like
particular people grow particular
communities right so like and it's
really amazing to be able to see what
Lily can create for her community and
what her community can create for her
and like how twitch is not about
individuals it's about like a symbiotic
relationship and so we're very very
grateful and yeah Lily's awesome and I
hope that she's happy and that she finds
true love and maybe one day we'll check
in with her about that and yeah so thank
you guys very much for the gifted subs
we greatly appreciate it and we are
trying to raise money for this so today
so yeah so like just to kind of recap
we're raising money for our coaching
program which is set to hopefully launch
actually in May so we want to start
helping you know our people with actual
coaches these are all coaches that I've
trained and we've been running our beta
so our beta is basically finished now
and our beta looks really good so we
collected a bunch of data and we're
optimistic which is why we're gonna move
forward with the coaching program and
we're also gonna try to you know we know
that people aren't may not necessarily
have money to even pay for coaching
coaching is gonna be like relatively
cheap but we're trying to pay all of our
coaches sort of a living wage and we're
also trying to you know make it
accessible and so it really helps to
have some funding support for people who
can't afford coaching so we're trying to
you know it's nice to be able to raise
money so a couple of things so thank you
guys very much for all of your donations
and subs and all that kind of good stuff
so we're gonna be doing I guess we're
gonna be releasing my crying in the
shower playlists but I think I've to
tell you guys a story about this okay
for a few minutes so last year in August
so in August of 2019 why is everyone
saying easy dodge what am i dodging am i
dodging something
okay
so anyway so last August we had our
first retreat and this was back when
like healthy gamer was like smaller and
so we were all like you know we were all
hanging out in Yosemite National Park at
a cabin and we would go like hiking and
stuff and we talked about our minds that
we talked about how to communicate with
people and all the stuff that we
normally do on so we're just doing it in
person
and we were like cooking together and
like hiking together and like we would
tell ghost stories and look at stars and
watch bats and things like that
other cool thing about our retreat is we
all brought our gaming stuff so like we
brought gaming laptops and things like
that and so you know the goal is not to
like pull you guys away from technology
the goal of the retreat was actually to
have everyone bring their technology and
for us to be able to explore okay do we
want to spend time gaming or do we want
to spend time doing other stuff and
let's not try to restrict gaming let's
try to figure out can we find something
that is enjoyable and fun to do that we
feel naturally motivated to do so that
our our gaming equipment gathers dust it
turns out that it did and we actually
had a couple of people who for example
we're like playing mobile games
throughout the day and we kind of talked
about that and how other people felt and
it was like one of these mobile games
where you're kind of like grindy so like
you have to tap a few buttons every 15
minutes and then a lot of it's on
autopilot and it was fascinating anyway
so we were at the retreat and we started
talking about things that normal people
talk about like what kind of music do
you like and I guess some people were
were surprised to discover that I really
like super super sad music and like yeah
so like I had this what I call crying in
the shower playlist and so then we were
talking about feelings and how it's good
to feel feelings and how I like to
listen to sad music because it makes me
feel sad because deep deep deep down I
know I'm positive and wholesome and all
that [ __ ] but deep deep down I have this
very deep and profound sadness which I
kind of like so I think that when I was
like struggling in life I felt that kind
of like you know I don't people I don't
think people use this term very much and
anymore but I was super emo and it was
never really quite a goth but look like
was definitely moving in that direction
and so was super emo and super sad and
so
you know a lot of people were listening
to upbeat music and when it was like my
turn I would play like super super sad
songs and I still like satin songs like
even to this day you know when I when I
listen to them I enjoy feeling sad which
is a strange feeling but yeah so we're
gonna release our my crying in the
shower playlist and so the joke from the
retreat it was kind of an inside joke
which was like yeah I really enjoy
crying in the shower and listening to
music and I spend a few minutes every
morning just like being in the shower
and being sad by myself dodged what am I
dodged what what's dodged the Oh should
I be thanking people for subbing thank
you guys very much okay let's do that so
thank you skaros for gifting all the
subs man we're very grateful and I'm
sorry that we're dodging we're not
meaning to dodge
okay Oh dodging the so you guys didn't
get the gifted son got it got it got it
got it so that means that I'm always
dodging right I have a 100% dodge rate
because I don't receive any and as the
person who runs the channel so I case oh
we're gonna do the crying in the shower
playlist we're gonna do the LSF react
stream and then I guess we're doing the
drinking it we're not going to do the
regular when we go straight to the
drinking am a stream okay so I so this
is the other thing that my team has told
me apparently and if you guys are happy
with this let me know we're gonna do
text-to-speech which I've been told that
like I guess we've been avoiding that
this entire time because it's true take
know so so I I think what we're gonna
we're not gonna do a heroin am a stream
that is dangerous and you guys should
not do heroin and this may be a good
time to do our disclaimers so just to
remind you that my name is dr. Alec Noah
I'm a psychiatrist practicing in Boston
Massachusetts and a reminder that not
you know everything that is shared on
the stream is intended to be for
educational purposes and nothing should
be taken as medical advice but if you
guys do have a problem or concern that's
medical or psychiatric or psychological
the nature please see a licensed
practitioner and address your concern
with them nothing on the stream is
intended to be sort of medical advice
that's supposed to be taken it's just
all for educational purposes so I think
our next goal is actually I don't know
we we need just seven hundred dollars to
do okay yeah so learn law with backs
okay that's a little off stream right
this is we're gonna do so a lot of our
goals are actually about me playing
video games because apparently you guys
want to see that [ __ ] and that's gonna
be the most disappointing thing in the
universe but we're gonna I'm gonna learn
how to play League of Legends with
text-to-speech enabled so this is gonna
be a longer stream I think will probably
do it you know we'll have to figure out
when we're gonna do this stuff but we
may do the
may on Friday so we may do a regular
stream and then you know we'll start
drinking and then we'll just kind of
keep going Friday yeah we'll see I think
that's that's how we're gonna have to do
it because I'm you know working during
the week and
yeah so I think oh so and then the last
thing is like today we're gonna hmm so I
tell you guys about other ones do you
guys can you all see the goals you can
you guys see that somewhere we haven't
mapped out LS or lily coaching call LS
for coaching sure so we're reaching out
to people right so the only thing about
our goals is that we we don't want to
sign people up for stuff that they're
not willing to do or don't have time to
do or don't feel comfortable doing
although we'd love to do a lot of
collabs this month with people yes so if
you guys want to see my twin brother so
like there's their stretch goals right
so like as we raise more money we're
gonna play you guys are gonna get to see
a GUI damage so I think it like 30 K or
50 K instead of AoE healing we're gonna
do a oe damage which means that we're
gonna log on to dota we're gonna turn on
our [ __ ] Indian accent and we're
gonna be toxic as all hell to everyone
in the chat and we're just gonna flame
and flame and flame and use our power
for evil instead of good you know like
back when we all have we all have within
us the capacity to build people up or
break people's about and we're gonna
we're gonna break people that we're
gonna tear them apart and then they're
also like we're gonna play dota and
trying to be positive and and we're
gonna and then there's things with and
without Indian accents things with it
without alcohol and then if you guys
really want we'll do all of the above
anyway and we'll try not to get banned
so you guys have to tell me if I do
anything that is is you know ban worthy
because we don't want to get banned this
is just one time yeah darkside Sith Lord